feat(doc): create a tutorial for DeFi Lend Borrow solidity contracts (#1675)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.1/docs/tutorials/defi-lend-borrow-tutorial-part-1.md

```bash
npx hardhat init
```

## Configuration

In the `hardhat.config.js` file, update the `networks` object to include the ShimmerEVM Testnet network configuration, as well as the BNB Testnet network configuration. 

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/e227092ef1123cf8cff766ee4c786a0c40a62bf3/hardhat.config.ts#L1-L42
```

## Contracts Overview

### IToken

The `IToken` contract is an ERC20 token that represents an interest-bearing asset with lending and borrowing functionalities.

- **Underlying Asset:** The ERC20 token that this contract wraps.
- **Interest Rate Model:** Determines the interest rates for borrowing and supplying assets.
- **ITokenManager:** Manages supported tokens and collateralization.

#### Key Functions
- Mint: This method allows users to mint `IToken` by depositing a specified amount of the underlying token.
  - Transfers the specified amount of the underlying token from the user to the contract.
  - Mints an equivalent amount of IToken to the user's balance.
  - Updates the user's collateral in the `ITokenManager`.
  - Returns a boolean indicating whether the minting process was successful.

> ```javascript reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```solidity reference
```

https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/IToken.sol#L113-L135
```
- Redeem: This method enables users to redeem `IToken` in exchange for the underlying token.
    
    - Ensures the user has enough IToken to redeem.
    - Burns the specified amount of IToken from the user's balance.
    - Transfers the equivalent amount of the underlying token from the contract to the user.
    - Updates the user's collateral in the `ITokenManager`.
    - Returns a boolean indicating whether the redemption process was successful.

> ```javascript reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```solidity reference
```

https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/IToken.sol#L137-L164
```
- Borrow: Borrows the underlying token from the contract. This method allows users to borrow the underlying token from the contract.
    - Calculates the borrow rate and the interest for the specified amount.
    - Ensures the contract has enough liquidity and the user has sufficient collateral.
    - Increases the user's borrow balance by the borrowed amount plus interest.
    - Updates the total amount borrowed in the contract.
    - Transfers the borrowed amount of the underlying token to the user.
    - Returns a boolean indicating whether the borrowing process was successful.

> ```javascript reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```solidity reference
```

Reviewer: and so on

```
- Repay: This method allows users to repay the borrowed underlying token.
  - Ensures the repayment amount does not exceed the user's borrow balance.
  - Transfers the repayment amount from the user to the contract.
  - Calculates the interest on the repayment amount and adjusts the user's borrow balance accordingly.
  - Updates the total amount borrowed and the contract's reserves.
  - Updates the user's collateral in the `ITokenManager`.
  - Returns a boolean indicating whether the repayment process was successful.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/IToken.sol#L198-L227
```
- `getBorrowRate()`: Returns the current borrow rate per block.
```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/IToken.sol#L229-L236
```
- `getSupplyRate()`: Returns the current supply rate per block.
```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/IToken.sol#L238-L245
```

> We have now covered all relevant parts and working of the IToken contract, here is the [link](https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/main/contracts/IToken.sol) for the full contract code for your reference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review the full code for the [IToken contract in the tutorial's Repository](https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/main/contracts/IToken.sol).
```

### InterestRateModel

The `InterestRateModel` contract calculates the interest rates for borrowing and supplying assets based on the utilization of the underlying assets.

#### Key Functions
- `utilizationRate(uint cash, uint borrows, uint reserves)`: Calculates the utilization rate of the market.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/InterestRateModel.sol#L41-L57
```
- `getBorrowRate(uint cash, uint borrows, uint reserves)`: Calculates the current borrow rate per block.
```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/InterestRateModel.sol#L59-L68
```
- `getSupplyRate(uint cash, uint borrows, uint reserves, uint reserveFactorMantissa)`: Calculates the current supply rate per block.
```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/InterestRateModel.sol#L70-L79
``` 

> We have now covered all relevant parts and working of the InterestRateModal contract, here is the [link](https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/main/contracts/InterestRateModel.sol) for the full contract code for your reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review the full code for the [`InterestRateModal` contract in the tutorial's Repository](https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/main/contracts/InterestRateModel.sol).
```

- **Returns:** 
  - `totalAccountCollaterals`: The total collateral balance.
  - `totalAccountBorrows`: The total borrow balance.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/ITokenManager.sol#L187-L247
```
- `updateTokenUSDPrice(address token, uint256 newUSDPrice)`: Updates the USD price of a supported token.

- **Parameters:**
  - `token`: The address of the token.
  - `newUSDPrice`: The new USD price for the token.
- **Modifiers:** `onlyOwner`, `onlySupportedToken`
- **Reverts:** `TokenNotListed` if the token is not supported.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/bfb658e82611657a50885a2509f21a07da2bbef1/contracts/ITokenManager.sol#L245-L258
```

- `getTokenUSDPrice(address token) → uint256`: Returns the USD price of a supported token.

- **Parameters:**
  - `token`: The address of the token.
- **Returns:** The USD price of the token as a `uint256`.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/3a368391f4767d1decb209ad6bfdd20a2b08fa03/contracts/ITokenManager.sol#L249-L262
```

> We have now covered all relevant parts and working of the iTokenManager contract, here is the [link](https://github.com/iota-community/Defi-lend-borrow/blob/main/contracts/ITokenManager.sol) for the full contract code for your reference.

Reviewer: same as the ones above. We usually avoid linking on words like `this`, `here`,  `link`. Try to  add something more descriptive, i.e., the tutorials repository, the XYZ paper, the official documentation.

Author: sure Lucas

### Underlying Token

The `MockERC20` contract is a simple ERC20 token used for testing purposes. It allows minting of an initial supply to the deployer. You can add this token to the `ITokenManager` and mint new ITokens by depositing the MockERC20 tokens as the underlying Token.

## Scripts

### Compile Your Contracts

```bash
npx hardhat compile

> ```

Reviewer: I think this step may work better in the previous section, as it refers to contracts. If not, please add a small explanation .

# DeFi Lend Borrow

DeFi Lend Borrow is a decentralized finance (DeFi) application that enables users to lend and borrow assets on the Shimmer EVM testnet. The project is built using Solidity and Hardhat, with the core functionality provided by smart contracts.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Contracts Overview](#contracts-overview)
  - [IToken](#itoken)
  - [InterestRateModel](#interestratemodel)
  - [ITokenManager](#itokenmanager)
  - [MockERC20](#mockerc20)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Deployment](#deployment)

> - [License](#license)

Reviewer: No need for this, the ToC gets autogenerated by docusarurus. As well, there's broken anchors.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- Node.js and npm installed
- Hardhat installed globally

> - A Shimmer EVM testnet account with test tokens

Reviewer: Please add links to for node and hardhat, and specify the versions

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/defi-lend-borrow.git
    cd defi-lend-borrow
    ```

2. Install the dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. Compile the contracts:
    ```bash
    npx hardhat compile

>     ```

Reviewer: The tutorial should showcase how to create the platform, not how to clone and compile it.

Author: yup, got it. Thanks!

## Contracts Overview

### IToken

> 

Reviewer: Please import the contract by reference, and explain its contents. Ideally, by snippets.

The `IToken` contract is an ERC20 token that represents an interest-bearing asset with lending and borrowing functionalities.

- **Underlying Asset:** The ERC20 token that this contract wraps.
- **Interest Rate Model:** Determines the interest rates for borrowing and supplying assets.
- **ITokenManager:** Manages supported tokens and collateralization.

> #### Key Functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Key Functions
```

no need for `:` in titles
